This is a stylish bike for riders who love to ride bikes for the style and the look of the bike. The bike is excellent and the bike is very powerful and efficient is using the fuel in the tank. The Hero Honda Passion pro has got a 97.2 cc capacity of engine and therefore generates a lot of power for the bike to make the riders ride fast and in a happier mood. The bike mileage is of 69 kmpl and so the one who rides this bike can be the one with a fast transport with a style and fun. Stylish road sensible features: The digital speedometer and the stylish visor with the windscreen in black tint make the bike look rough and  [[https://www.coin4u.co.kr|코인카지노주소]] completely hardy. The lens indicator is also another feature that makes it a safe one to ride at any time. It has single cylinder and 4 stroke engine displacement with OHC powertrain. The Hero Honda Passion pro price is thus justified with the stylish looks and the road sensible features of the bike. The bike gives a top power around 7.8 PS with 7500 rpm with a torque of 8.04 NM with 4500 rpm. The trendy bike with its huge body gives the riders a satisfaction and the smart graphics on the body gives it a groovy look. 

Colors and special riding comfort: The new look bike comes with a few exciting colors and gives you the choice and freedom for selecting the one you like. The Hero Honda Passion pro is designed with different colors like Black and Sport Red, Force Silver and Vibrant Blue, Green Leaf Metallic, Black with Heavy Grey and Black with Frosted Blue. The mixture of two colors makes it look better. The color of the body is also found in the mud guard and in the side panes of the hood and on the fuel holding tank. The side panel and the rear side panels also got the same body color. The aerodynamics and the design of the sleek body with cosmetic work make it irresistible for the riders. 

The front side of the bikes is found with a rectangular headlight with halogen and this helps in getting clear vision at night. The instrument panel is digital one and the colored rear view mirrors are the features that give it a classy look. The Hero Honda bikes come with a snazzy look but this model named as Hero Honda Passion Pro has got 5 spokes alloy wheel with an overall sporty look. The seat with the shape of shoe is a comfortable one for the riders and the LED tail lights, the grab rails in body colored gives the owner greater comfort in riding with safety and pride. The foot pegs and  [[https://www.coin4u.co.kr|코인카지노]] the foot rest offers comfort for the rider and the passenger too. The huge size of the tires also provides more control of the bike and helps to prevent skidding. The bike is made for style and fashion but it additionally assures the rider of greater road control and safety of the people riding the bike.