's father has shared a message of support for his son comparing him to a fierce Siberian wolf as the World No.
1 fights deportation from Australia.
Srdjan Djokovic took to  on Saturday to urge the 20-time Grand Slam champion to 'hold on' as he prepares to spend another night in detention.
Djokovic was detained by Border Force after he attended an interview with immigrations officials at an undisclosed location at 8am.

He will remain in detention until a Federal Court hearing at 9.30am on Sunday.
His father uploaded the heartfelt message alongside a photo of Djokovic next to an image of a Siberian wolf - an animal that symbolically represents loyalty, independence and ferocity. 
A second photo was uploaded to his Instagram stories showing Djokovic looking to the skies surrounded by an aura of angelic, white light.

It mirrors Srdjan's previous comparison between Djokovic's treatment in Australia to the crucifixion of Jesus.   
      (Image: [[|]])   Novak Djokovic's father has shared a message of support for his son after the World No.

1 was detained in Australia as he fights deportation
      (Image: [[|]])   His father uploaded the heartfelt message alongside a photo of Djokovic next to an image of a Siberian wolf - an animal that symbolically represents loyalty, independence and ferocity
      (Image: [[|]])   If Djokovic is unsuccessful in his court battle, he will be deported from Australia and he could be barred from receiving a new visa for three years
If Djokovic is unsuccessful in his court battle, he will be deported from Australia and he could be barred from receiving a new visa for three years.

  
 Serbian president Aleksander Vucic took to Instagram to accuse the Australian government of 'mistreating' their national sports icon after his visa was axed for a second time on Friday. 
'Why are you mistreating him, why are you taking it out not only on him but also on his family and the whole nation?' he said. 
A video was uploaded to his 160,000 followers and titled, 'Support for Novak Djokovic and response to the Prime Minister of Australia.' 
   RELATED ARTICLES                



Share this article
Share
1k shares


Mr Vucic has been critical of the treatment of Djokovic since he arrived in Australia last Wednesday.
'If you wanted to ban Novak Djokovic from winning the 10th trophy in Melbourne why didn't you return him immediately, why didn't you tell him 'it is impossible to obtain a visa'?' he said.
'Novak, we stand by you!' he added. If you have any issues regarding where and how to use [[https://slotcomment.com/slots-888-free-credit-50-2|สล็อต 888 ฟรีเครดิต 50]], you can make contact with us at our website.  
Djokovic's last-gasp bid to avoid deportation suffered a potential setback on Friday, however, when his case was transferred to the Federal Court, with Judge Anthony Kelly - who overturned the original cancellation - saying a new court and new judge would have to hear the challenge to the player's visa being cancelled again.   
      (Image: [[|]])   Djokovic will then attend the online Federal Court hearing presided by Judge David O'Callaghan at his solicitors' offices, with immigration officials deployed on the same floor, government lawyer Stephen Lloyd sai 
      (Image: [[|]])   The tennis star's visa was axed for a second time on Friday, sparking outrage from the community and Serbian president Aleksander Vucic
      (Image: [[|]])   A video on Friday evening showed a car - believed to be carrying Djokovic - arriving at his lawyer's officers ahead of the hearing being announced
Immigration officials revoked Djokovic's visa saying the world No.

1, who is unvaccinated against COVID-19, may pose a risk to the community. The decision has dashed his hopes of competing for his 21st grand slam.
But the Serbian's lawyers fought back, arguing in court on Friday night that Immigration Minister Alex Hawke had cancelled Djokovic's visa on the grounds his presence at the high-profile tennis tournament might excite anti-vaccination sentiment.

The reasons for Mr Hawke's decision have not yet been published.
The minister's decision was 'patently irrational', Djokovic's lawyer Nicholas Wood told the Federal Circuit and Family Court of Australia, adding that they wanted the challenge to the player's visa revocation to be heard on Sunday, so that he could play in the Australian Open on Monday should it be successful. 
It was confirmed by government lawyers that Mr Hawke was not seeking to detain the tennis star overnight, but he would be detained at the Department for Home Affairs and, after spending time with his lawyers preparing his case, he would then be taken back into detention on Saturday night.
      (Image: [[|]])   Novak Djokovic celebrates after beating Russia's Daniil Medvedev to win their men's singles final at the Australian Open in 2021.

Djokovic has launched a last-ditch appeal to stay in Australia and defend his title at the Grand Slam which starts on Monday 
Djokovic, the Australian Open defending champion, was included in the tournament's draw on Thursday as top seed and is due to face fellow Serb Miomir Kecmanovic for his opening match on either on Monday. 
The visa cancellation could mean the 34-year-old would be barred from receiving a new Australian visa for three years - except in compelling circumstances - potentially ruling him out of further Australian Opens.
A video on Friday evening showed a car - believed to be carrying the player - arriving at his lawyer's officers ahead of the hearing being announced.
Mr Wood requested the injunction against the Serbian's removal and appealed for him to be allowed to stay out of immigration detention as the case proceeds. 
'We are very concerned about time,' Mr Wood told the emergency hearing.
The Government told Djokovic's lawyers it had no intention of detaining him on Friday night.
     (Image: [[|]])  Australia has cancelled Novak Djokovic 's visa for a second time, the country's immigration minister announced on Friday.

Pictured: Djokovic rests during a training session at Melbourne Park on Friday
      (Image: [[|]])   Pictured: A video on Friday evening showed a car - believed to be carrying Novak Djokovic - arriving at his lawyer's officers ahead of the late night hearing being announced
       The saga has intensified global debate over rights of choice for vaccines, raising questions over the Federal Government and Tennis Australia's bungled handling of Djokovic's visa. 
It has also become a tricky issue for Prime Minister Scott Morrison as he campaigns for re-election. 
Mr Morrison said on Friday his government cancelled Djokovic's visa to protect Australia's hard-won gains against the Covid-19 pandemic.
'Australians have made many sacrifices during this pandemic, and they rightly expect the result of those sacrifices to be protected,' Mr Morrison said in a statement. 
'I note the Minister for Immigration's decision in relation to Mr Novak Djokovic's visa.
'I understand that following careful consideration, action has been taken by the Minister to cancel Mr Djokovic's visa held on health and good order grounds, on the basis that it was in the public interest to do so.
'This pandemic has been incredibly difficult for every Australian but we have stuck together and saved lives and livelihoods.' 
      (Image: [[|]])   Mr Morrison said on Friday his government cancelled Djokovic's visa to protect Australia's hard-won gains against the Covid-19 pandemic
     (Image: [[|]])  Novak Djokovic is still hoping to chase his 10th Australian Open title in just three days time
<div class="art-ins mol-factbox news" data-version="2" id="mol-853717a0-754b-11ec-a307-1758e441e370" website Djokovic&apos;s father made heartfelt message to son as he&apos;s detained